Ouch, look at this dog like this
Look, there is no choice
I just saw this kind of selection start again.
Oops, this is a big deal
You know who will be grateful this year?
Oh, yes.
I wonder who will win this year?
Originally no choice
Xiongtai is also here to participate in Yuan Men's no choice
Yes, exactly.
I just don't know how to report that Yuan Men has no choice
Yuan Men has no choice but to report
As long as you go to Yuanmen Mountain Gate on the day of the assessment
Through the ladder
You can automatically obtain the qualification that Yuan Men has no choice
Then you can participate in the demon beast spirit hunt
Compete for rankings
Demon beast spirit hunting
Can escape me all this
Count you a little capable
Who are you? My name is Sister Li
Li Li is my younger brother
So it's revenge for the trash?
A waste that will only cause trouble for the family
Dead is dead
You killed him?
Instead, help me get rid of a waste who is competing for family property
Then why did you kill me?
Even if you are a waste
That's also from my Li family
Outsiders cannot be killed
That being the case
Draw your sword, the original rules
Before the election
Those who use force die
When the Li family was young
cowardly